# QRCodeScannerFrameworkforIphones

QRCodeScannerFrameworkforIphones is a versatile and easy-to-use iOS framework for scanning both QR codes and barcodes in your applications. With a simple integration, you can empower your iOS app to scan QR codes and barcodes quickly and efficiently.

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Features

- Scan both QR codes and barcodes with ease.
- Provides a straightforward API to integrate scanning functionality into your app.
- Customizable UI for a seamless user experience.
- Delegate methods to handle scanned code data and user interactions.
- Supports iOS 11 and above.

## Installation

### CocoaPods

To integrate this framework into your project using CocoaPods, follow these steps:

1. Make sure you have CocoaPods installed. If not, you can install it with the following command:

   ```shell
   gem install cocoapods
2. Create a Podfile in your Xcode project if you don't already have one:
pod init
3. Edit your Podfile to include QRCodeScannerFrameworkforIphones:
target 'YourApp' do
  use_frameworks!
  pod 'QRCodeScannerFrameworkforIphones'
end
Install the dependencies by running:
pod install
4. Open the .xcworkspace file generated by CocoaPods.
5. You're ready to use QRCodeScannerFrameworkforIphones in your project

Manual Installation
If you prefer not to use CocoaPods, you can manually integrate the framework into your Xcode project:

Clone this repository to your local machine or download the source code.
Open your Xcode project.
Drag and drop the framework's .framework file into your Xcode project's "Frameworks" or "Linked Frameworks and Libraries" section.
Make sure to add the framework's dependencies and configure your project as needed.

Usage

1. Import the framework in your Swift code:
import UIKit
import QRCodeScannerFrameworkforIphones

2. Set up the scanning functionality by creating an instance of QRScannerFramework. Use the provided methods to open the scanner view.
 @objc private func startBarcodeScanning() {
    let barcodeScannerVC = QRScannerFramework.createBarcodeScannerViewController(delegate: self)
    present(barcodeScannerVC, animated: true, completion: nil)
}

@objc private func startQRCodeScanning() {
    let qrScannerVC = QRScannerFramework.createQRScannerViewController(delegate: self)
    present(qrScannerVC, animated: true, completion: nil)
}
3. Conform to the QRScannerDelegate protocol to handle scanned code data and user interactions.
func qrScannerDidDetectCode(_ code: String) {
    print("Scanned QR Code: \(code)")
}

func barcodeScannerDidDetectCode(_ code: String) {
    print("Scanned Barcode: \(code)")
}

func codeScannerDidClose() {
    dismiss(animated: true, completion: nil)
}
Contributing

Contributions and feature requests are welcome! Please feel free to submit issues or pull requests to help improve this framework.

License

This framework is available under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.




